What are some of the problems with using streams?
Well debugging reactive apps can prove to be quite difficult.
Because they are asynchronous,
determining when something might happen can be difficult to plan around.
The next thing that is difficult, but only because it is still new,
is interacting with the database.
Reactive databases are becoming more available, but they are a newer concept.
At the time of this recording, Spring supports working with a Mongo database,
but that is just it.
All the documentation on how to work with it is actually incorrect.
This was somewhat expected as the current Spring Boot version
we are working with is still a milestone,
and Spring 5 is stable, but the Boot version is a milestone.
This will get progressively better over the next few months.
And then one other difficulty is that there are a lot of other
frameworks you work with that are still blocking.
As mentioned earlier, database drivers are a current major setback, but so are calls to the file system and synchronous web service calls.